Privacy Policy
Updated: November 1, 2023
Effective Date: November 1, 2023
introduction
Decida miar is a product provided by jack (hereinafter referred to as "we"). When you use our services, we may collect and use information about you. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, store and share information when you use our Services, and the ways we provide you with access to, update, control and protect that information. This Privacy Policy is closely related to the Decida miar service you use. We hope you will read it carefully and make the choices you think are appropriate in accordance with the guidelines of this Privacy Policy when necessary. For the technical terms involved in this Privacy Policy, we try our best to express them concisely and provide links to further explanations for your understanding.
By using or continuing to use our Services, you consent to our collection, use, storage and sharing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or related matters, please contact us at 13468214145.
1. the information we collect
When we or our third party partners provide services, we may collect, store and use the following information about you. If you do not provide relevant information, you may not be able to register as a user of us or enjoy some of the services we provide, or you may not be able to achieve the intended effect of the relevant services.
Personal information, such as telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, etc., that you provide to us when you register for an account or use our services.
Log information refers to the information that the system may collect through cookies, identifiers and related technologies when you use our services, including your device information, browsing information, click information, and store such information as log information to provide you with personalized user experience and ensure service security. You can refuse or manage the use of cookies, identifiers or related technologies through your browser settings.
2. storage of information
2.1 How and for what period information is stored
We store your information in secure ways, including local storage (e.g. data caching using apps), databases and server logs.
In general, we will only store your personal information for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose of the service or under the conditions stipulated by laws and regulations.
2.2 Geographical area of information storage
We will store the personal information of users collected in China in accordance with laws and regulations.
We do not currently transfer or store your personal information across borders. In the future, if cross-border transmission or storage is required, we will inform you of the purpose of the information exit, the recipient, security measures and security risks, and obtain your consent.
2.3 Notification when products or services cease operation
When our products or services stop operating, we will notify you in the form of push notifications, announcements, etc., and delete your personal information or anonymize it within a reasonable period of time, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
3. information security
We use various security technologies and procedures to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure of information. For example, in some services, we will use encryption technology (such as SSL) to protect the personal information you provide. However, please understand that due to technical limitations and possible malicious means, in the Internet industry, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% security of information. You need to understand that the systems and communication networks you use to access our services may have problems due to factors beyond our control.
4. how we use information
We may use the information we collect in the course of providing you services for the following purposes:
To provide you with services;
For authentication, customer service, security, fraud detection, archiving and backup purposes when we provide our services, to ensure the security of the products and services we provide to you;
Help us design new services and improve our existing services;
To better understand how you access and use our services, so that we can respond to your personalized needs, such as language settings, location settings, personalized help services and instructions, or other aspects of response to you and other users;
to provide you with ads that are more relevant to you than generally served ads;
To evaluate the effectiveness of advertising and other promotions and promotions on our Services and to improve them;
Software certification or management software upgrades;
To allow you to participate in surveys about our products and services.
5. information sharing
At present, we do not actively share or transfer your personal information to third parties. If there is other sharing or transfer of your personal information or you need us to share or transfer your personal information to third parties, we will directly or confirm that the third party obtains your express consent for the above actions.
For the purpose of advertising, evaluating and optimizing advertising effectiveness, we need to share some of your data with advertisers and their agents and other third-party partners, requiring them to strictly abide by our data privacy protection measures and requirements, including but not limited to processing according to data protection agreements, commitments and relevant data processing policies, avoiding identification of individuals and ensuring privacy security.
We do not share personally identifiable information (such as your name or email address) with partners unless you expressly authorize it.
We will not publicly disclose the personal information collected. If it must be publicly disclosed, we will inform you of the purpose of this public disclosure, the type of information disclosed and the sensitive information that may be involved, and obtain your express consent.
As our business continues to grow, we may enter into mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, etc., and we will inform you of the relevant circumstances and continue to protect or require new controllers to continue to protect your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations and standards no lower than those required by this Privacy Policy.
In addition, according to relevant laws, regulations and national standards, we may share, transfer and publicly disclose personal information without your prior authorization in the following circumstances:
directly related to national security and national defense;
Directly related to public safety, public health and major public interests;
directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of sentences;
For the purpose of safeguarding the life, property and other important legitimate rights and interests of the subject of personal information or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain their consent;
The subject of personal information discloses personal information to the public by himself;
Collection of personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure, etc.
6. your rights
During your use of our services, we may provide you with corresponding operation settings depending on the specific situation of the product, so that you can query, delete, correct or withdraw your relevant personal information. You can refer to the corresponding specific guidelines for operation. In addition, we have also set up complaint reporting channels, your comments will be dealt with in a timely manner. If you are unable to exercise your personal information subject rights through the above channels and methods, you can make your request through the contact information provided in this Privacy Policy, and we will give feedback in accordance with laws and regulations.
When you decide to stop using our products or services, you can apply to cancel your account. After cancellation of your account, we will delete or anonymize your personal information unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
7. change
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. When changes occur, we will notify you of the new Privacy Policy when the version is updated and inform you of the effective date. Please read the changed Privacy Policy carefully. If you continue to use our services, you agree to our processing of your personal information in accordance with the updated Privacy Policy.
8. protection of minors
We encourage parents or guardians to direct minors under the age of eighteen to use our services. We recommend that minors encourage their parents or guardians to read this Privacy Policy and that minors seek parental or guardian consent and guidance before submitting personal information.